src/content/docs/features/predefine-steps.mdx, before:

---
title: Predefine steps
description: define steps globally or in feature/rule
---

Since `4.6.0` **vitest-cucumber** allowes to define step globally, useful
for scenario / background with same steps.

Gherkin examples :

```gherkin
Feature: use predefined steps in unit tests
    Background:
        Given I've scenarii with same steps
        And   I use Rule and Feature
    Scenario: scenario with docStrings
        Given I use docStrings
        """
        I love DocStrings
        """
        When  I run unit tests
        Then  I can use it
    Rule: predefined steps in rule
        Scenario: scenario without docStrings
            Given I don't use docStrings
            When  I run unit tests
            Then  I use scenario context
```

## Intro

In all examples with `defineSteps`, you can define 
all step types: `Given`, `When`, `Then`, `And` and `But`.

Currently you can define a step never used in scenario, **vitest-cucumber** 
doesn't throw an error.

**vitest-cucumber** still throw an error if steps are missing in scenario and background.

## Define steps globally

You can define globally, by example in `vitest.setup.ts`:

```typescript
import { defineSteps } from "@amiceli/vitest-cucumber"

defineSteps(({ When }) => {
    When('I run unit tests', () => {})
})
```

## define steps in Feature

You also can define steps only for a feature :

```typescript
import { defineSteps, loadFeature, describeFeature } from "@amiceli/vitest-cucumber"

const feature = await loadFeature('feature/example.feature')

describeFeature(feature, (f) => {
    f.defineSteps(({ And }) => {
        And('I use Rule and Feature', () => {
            expect(f.context.init).toBe(true)
        })
        Given('I use docStrings', (ctx, docStrings: string) => {
            // you can access on docStrings in predefined steps
            expect(docStrings).toEqual('I love DocStrings')
        })
    })
    f.Background((b) => {
        b.Given("I've scenarii with same steps", () => {
            f.context.init = true
        })
    })
    // other steps, scenario, etc
})
```

## define steps in Rule

To finish you can define steps for a rule :

```typescript
import { defineSteps, loadFeature, describeFeature } from "@amiceli/vitest-cucumber"

const feature = await loadFeature('feature/example.feature')

defineSteps(({ When }) => {
    When('I run unit tests', () => {})
})

describeFeature(feature, (f) => {
    f.Rule('predefined steps in rule', (r) => {
        r.defineSteps(({ Given }) => {
            Given("I don't use docStrings"), () => {
                r.context.initRule = true
            }
        })
        r.Scenario("scenario without docStrings", (s) => {
            s.Then("I use scenario context", () => {
                expect(s.context).toEqual({})
                expect(r.context.initRule).toBe(true)
            })
        })
    })
    // other steps, scenario, etc
})
```

## Steps order

If you define same step in different scope, it will be overrided :

```typescript
import { defineSteps, loadFeature, describeFeature } from "@amiceli/vitest-cucumber"

const feature = await loadFeature('feature/example.feature')

defineSteps(({ When }) => {
    When('I run unit tests', () => {})
})

describeFeature(feature, (f) => {
    f.defineSteps(({ When, Given }) => {
        When('I run unit tests', () => {
            // Will override globally defined step
        })
        Given("I don't use docStrings"), () => {})
    })
    f.Rule('predefined steps in rule', (r) => {
        r.defineSteps(({ Given, Then }) => {
            Given("I don't use docStrings"), () => {
                // Will override globally defined in feature
            }
            Then("I use scenario context", () => {})
        })
        r.Scenario("scenario without docStrings", (s) => {
            s.Then("I use scenario context", () => {
                // Will override globally defined in rule
                expect(s.context).toEqual({})
                expect(r.context.initRule).toBe(true)
            })
        })
    })
})
```

So we can define a *formula* for `defineSteps` : *global < feature < rule < scenario*.

## Order

With this feature **vitest-cucumber** provides steps order.
No matter in wish order you define steps with `defineSteps` and/or-only in `Scenario`.

It will follow order in your feature file :

```gherkin
Feature: use predefined steps in unit tests
    Background:
        Given I've scenarii with same steps
        And   I use Rule and Feature
```

You can do:

```typescript
f.Background((b) => {
    // same in all defineSteps functions
    b.And("I use Rule and Feature", () => {
        expect(b.context.init).toBe(true)
    })
    b.Given("I've scenarii with same steps", () => {
        b.context.init = true
    })
})
```

## Limits

#### Context 

They are some limits with [`context`](https://vitest-cucumber.miceli.click/features/structure-context) :
- in globally defined steps you can't access to `Feature`, `Rule` and `Scenario` context
- in feature defined steps same for `Rule` and `Scenario` context
- in rule defined step you can't access to `Scenario` context

#### Step expression

In `defineSteps`, currently you can't define step with expression like : 

```typescript
Given('I use {string} framework', () => {})
```

I'm checking if I can't fix this ;).

Commit message:

fix: update doc for predefined step and regex expression

src/content/docs/features/predefine-steps.mdx, after:

---
title: Predefine steps
description: define steps globally or in feature/rule
---

Since `4.6.0` **vitest-cucumber** allowes to define step globally, useful
for scenario / background with same steps.

Gherkin examples :

```gherkin
Feature: use predefined steps in unit tests
    Background:
        Given I've scenarii with same steps
        And   I use Rule and Feature
    Scenario: scenario with docStrings
        Given I use docStrings
        """
        I love DocStrings
        """
        When  I run unit tests
        Then  I can use it
    Rule: predefined steps in rule
        Scenario: scenario without docStrings
            Given I don't use docStrings
            When  I run unit tests
            Then  I use scenario context
```

## Intro

In all examples with `defineSteps`, you can define
all step types: `Given`, `When`, `Then`, `And` and `But`.

Currently you can define a step never used in scenario, **vitest-cucumber**
doesn't throw an error.

**vitest-cucumber** still throw an error if steps are missing in scenario and background.

## Define steps globally

You can define globally, by example in `vitest.setup.ts`:

```typescript
import { defineSteps } from "@amiceli/vitest-cucumber"

defineSteps(({ When }) => {
    When('I run unit tests', () => {})
})
```

## define steps in Feature

You also can define steps only for a feature :

```typescript
import { defineSteps, loadFeature, describeFeature } from "@amiceli/vitest-cucumber"

const feature = await loadFeature('feature/example.feature')

describeFeature(feature, (f) => {
    f.defineSteps(({ And }) => {
        And('I use Rule and Feature', () => {
            expect(f.context.init).toBe(true)
        })
        Given('I use docStrings', (ctx, docStrings: string) => {
            // you can access on docStrings in predefined steps
            expect(docStrings).toEqual('I love DocStrings')
        })
    })
    f.Background((b) => {
        b.Given("I've scenarii with same steps", () => {
            f.context.init = true
        })
    })
    // other steps, scenario, etc
})
```

## define steps in Rule

To finish you can define steps for a rule :

```typescript
import { defineSteps, loadFeature, describeFeature } from "@amiceli/vitest-cucumber"

const feature = await loadFeature('feature/example.feature')

defineSteps(({ When }) => {
    When('I run unit tests', () => {})
})

describeFeature(feature, (f) => {
    f.Rule('predefined steps in rule', (r) => {
        r.defineSteps(({ Given }) => {
            Given("I don't use docStrings"), () => {
                r.context.initRule = true
            }
        })
        r.Scenario("scenario without docStrings", (s) => {
            s.Then("I use scenario context", () => {
                expect(s.context).toEqual({})
                expect(r.context.initRule).toBe(true)
            })
        })
    })
    // other steps, scenario, etc
})
```

## Steps order

If you define same step in different scope, it will be overrided :

```typescript
import { defineSteps, loadFeature, describeFeature } from "@amiceli/vitest-cucumber"

const feature = await loadFeature('feature/example.feature')

defineSteps(({ When }) => {
    When('I run unit tests', () => {})
})

describeFeature(feature, (f) => {
    f.defineSteps(({ When, Given }) => {
        When('I run unit tests', () => {
            // Will override globally defined step
        })
        Given("I don't use docStrings"), () => {})
    })
    f.Rule('predefined steps in rule', (r) => {
        r.defineSteps(({ Given, Then }) => {
            Given("I don't use docStrings"), () => {
                // Will override globally defined in feature
            }
            Then("I use scenario context", () => {})
        })
        r.Scenario("scenario without docStrings", (s) => {
            s.Then("I use scenario context", () => {
                // Will override globally defined in rule
                expect(s.context).toEqual({})
                expect(r.context.initRule).toBe(true)
            })
        })
    })
})
```

So we can define a *formula* for `defineSteps` : *global < feature < rule < scenario*.

## Order

With this feature **vitest-cucumber** provides steps order.
No matter in wish order you define steps with `defineSteps` and/or-only in `Scenario`.

It will follow order in your feature file :

```gherkin
Feature: use predefined steps in unit tests
    Background:
        Given I've scenarii with same steps
        And   I use Rule and Feature
```

You can do:

```typescript
f.Background((b) => {
    // same in all defineSteps functions
    b.And("I use Rule and Feature", () => {
        expect(b.context.init).toBe(true)
    })
    b.Given("I've scenarii with same steps", () => {
        b.context.init = true
    })
})
```

## Step expression

**Since `6.2.0` predefined step can use expression.**. For old version it's a limit.

## Limits

#### Context

They are some limits with [`context`](https://vitest-cucumber.miceli.click/features/structure-context) :
- in globally defined steps you can't access to `Feature`, `Rule` and `Scenario` context
- in feature defined steps same for `Rule` and `Scenario` context
- in rule defined step you can't access to `Scenario` context
