src/content/docs/get-started/presentation.mdx, before:

---
title: Presentation
description: vitest-cucumber goals
---

## About vitest-cucumber

[vitest-cucumber](https://github.com/amiceli/vitest-cucumber) is an **opiniated** tool 
to write acceptance tests following the Gherkin syntax,
designed to be used specifically with [Vitest](https://vitest.dev/).

This package was originally inspirated by [jest-cucumber](https://github.com/bencompton/jest-cucumber).

## Example

A Gherkin `Feature` is written in a `.feature` file. Example: 

~~~gherkin
# example.feature
Feature: use vitest-cucumber with vitest
    Scenario: Run unit tests
        Given I have installed vitest-cucumber
        And   I have a feature like "example.feature"
        When  I run vitest-cucumber
        Then  My feature file is parsed
        And   I can test my scenarios
~~~

You can then use it with **vitest-cucumber**: 

~~~ts
// example-feature.spec.ts
import { loadFeature, describeFeature } from '@amiceli/vitest-cucumber'

const feature = await loadFeature('./example.feature')

describeFeature(feature, ({ Scenario }) => {
    Scenario('Run unit tests', ({ Given, When, Then, And }) => {
        Given('I have installed vitest-cucumber', () => {})
        And('I have a feature like "example.feature"', () => {})
        When('I run vitest-cucumber', () => {})
        Then('My feature file is parsed', () => {})
        And('I can test my scenarios', () => {})
    })
})
~~~

## Playground

Do not take the word for it, try it out yourself in the following playground.

<iframe 
    title="vitest-cucumber playground"
    src="https://stackblitz.com/github/amiceli/vitest-cucumber-docs/tree/main/examples/basic?embed=1&theme=dark&view=editor&preset=node&startScript=test&file=features/example.feature&file=features/example.spec.ts"
    sandbox="allow-forms allow-modals allow-popups allow-presentation allow-same-origin allow-scripts"
    style="width: 100%; height: 500px;"
/>

## Next steps

If you are interested, you can [install it here](/get-started/install).

Commit message:

feat(examples): example layout and front page

src/content/docs/get-started/presentation.mdx, after:

---
title: Presentation
description: vitest-cucumber goals
---

## What is vitest-cucumber

[vitest-cucumber](https://github.com/amiceli/vitest-cucumber) is an opinionated tool to write acceptance tests following the Gherkin syntax, designed to be used specifically with [Vitest](https://vitest.dev/).

This package was originally inspired by [jest-cucumber](https://github.com/bencompton/jest-cucumber).

## Who is it for

**vitest-cucumber** is for teams who want tests that read like documentation. If you need to agree on what the software should do before writing code, *feature* files give everyone a shared language.

## Example

A Gherkin `Feature` is written in a `.feature` file. Example:

~~~gherkin
# example.feature
Feature: use vitest-cucumber with vitest
    Scenario: Run unit tests
        Given I have installed vitest-cucumber
        And   I have a feature like "example.feature"
        When  I run vitest-cucumber
        Then  My feature file is parsed
        And   I can test my scenarios
~~~

You can then use it with **vitest-cucumber**:

~~~ts
// example-feature.spec.ts
import { loadFeature, describeFeature } from '@amiceli/vitest-cucumber'

const feature = await loadFeature('./example.feature')

describeFeature(feature, ({ Scenario }) => {
    Scenario('Run unit tests', ({ Given, When, Then, And }) => {
        Given('I have installed vitest-cucumber', () => {})
        And('I have a feature like "example.feature"', () => {})
        When('I run vitest-cucumber', () => {})
        Then('My feature file is parsed', () => {})
        And('I can test my scenarios', () => {})
    })
})
~~~

## Next steps

To understand how **vitest-cucumber** works, you should first familiarise yourself with [Gherkin](/features/gherkin), the language used to write *feature* files.

To try it out right away, check the [Vitest](/examples/vitest), [Vue](/examples/vue) and [React](/examples/react) examples.

If you are interested, you can [install it here](/get-started/install).
