src/content/docs/index.mdx, before:

---
title: vitest-cucumber
description: Vitest & Gherkin powerred tests
template: splash
hero:
  title: Vitest & Gherkin powerred tests
  tagline: Scenario, Backgroaund, Rule or DocStrings in your spec files
  image:
    file: ../../assets/logo.png
  actions:
    - text: Get started
      link: /get-started/presentation
      icon: right-arrow
    - text: View on Github
      link: https://github.com/amiceli/vitest-cucumber
      variant: minimal
---

import { Card, CardGrid } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

## Next steps

<CardGrid stagger>
	<Card 
        title="Playground" 
        icon="codePen"
    >
		Try vitest-cucumber with [stackblitz](https://stackblitz.com/github/amiceli/vitest-cucumber-docs/tree/main/examples/basic?embed=1&theme=dark&view=editor&preset=node&startScript=test&file=features/example.feature&file=features/example.spec.ts).
	</Card>
	<Card 
        title="Example projects" 
        icon="seti:github"
    >
		Check [Vue](https://github.com/amiceli/vitest-cucumber-example) and
        [React](https://github.com/Agriculture-Intelligence/vitest-cucumber_rtl_template)
        projects using vitest-cucumber
	</Card>
</CardGrid>

Commit message:

feat(examples): example layout and front page

src/content/docs/index.mdx, after:

---
title: vitest-cucumber
description: Vitest & Gherkin powerred tests
template: splash
hero:
  title: vitest-cucumber
  tagline: Write tests for humans
  image:
    file: ../../assets/logo.png
---

import { Badge, Card, CardGrid, LinkCard } from '@astrojs/starlight/components';

## Get started

<CardGrid stagger>
	<Card title="Read the docs" icon="document">
		Find out how to use <Badge text="Scenario" /> <Badge text="Background" /> <Badge text="Rule" /> <Badge text="DocStrings" /> in your spec files to make tests **read to humans**.

		[Get started →](/get-started/presentation)
	</Card>
	<Card title="Example projects" icon="seti:github">
		Check <Badge text="Vue" /> and <Badge text="React" /> projects using **vitest-cucumber**.

		[All examples →](/examples/vitest)
	</Card>
	<Card title="Integrations" icon="puzzle">
		Use **vitest-cucumber** with <Badge text="Vitest" /> <Badge text="Astro" /> to test and document your *feature* files.

		[All integrations →](/integrations/setup)
	</Card>
</CardGrid>
